transformer.text_model.embeddings.position_ids    transformer.text_model.embeddings.position_ids
transformer.text_model.embeddings.token_embedding.weight    transformer.text_model.embeddings.token_embedding.weight
transformer.text_model.embeddings.position_embedding.weight    transformer.text_model.embeddings.position_embedding.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.0.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.1.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.2.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.3.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.4.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.5.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.6.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.v_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.q_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.self_attn.out_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc1.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.mlp.fc2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.7.layer_norm2.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.k_proj.bias
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.weight    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.weight
transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.bias    transformer.text_model.encoder.layers.8.self_attn.v_proj.bias
